The campus is humongous!
On this floor is the sculpture classroom.
The stained-glass classes
are opposite the courtyard.
It might as well be a castle.
It's not just the size
that's amazing, though.
Here, whether nobility
or common folk, man or woman,
everyone studies
in the same classroom as equals.
It's quite rare, you know.
How lovely.
The founder's motto was
"Art is for all."
"Art is the world's
only universal language."
Admirable philosophy, isn't it?
In future generations,
women too should step forward!
You'll study oil painting, right?
Yeah! I'm honored to learn here.
I won't let this chance pass me by!
That's the spirit!
But the true challenge lies ahead.
Huh?
From sketching to core subjects,
to joint lectures with other schools,
there's a lot to do.
The critique sessions
are the hardest of all.
I guess I'll be pretty busy.
I suddenly feel nervous.